2518: Calendar - Added context menu event and icon tooltips settings (#2841)
infor-design/enterprise: docs/CHANGELOG.md

### v4.21.0 Features

> - `[Calendar]` Added the ability to show tooltip on event and event icon. Also added ability to show event context menu ([#2518](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/2518))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[Calendar]` Added the ability to show tooltip on event and event icon and the ability to fire a context menu event. ([#2518](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/2518))
```
